Check out the rare
cards I snagged!
Yeah, all of mine
are keepers, too!
Sylvio, have you spotted
Crow and the others yet?
No, they're already
too far ahead of us.
But don't you
sweat it.
My uncanny sense of direction
will lead us out of here!
I hope so, 'cause going back
isn't an option anymore.
We must follow the path
of all great heroes.
That means to press forward
no matter what the obstacles!
I owe it to those who put my
well‐being before their own.
Onward then!
Your friend is depending
upon you to rescue her...
and we must not fail!
We won't!
I already found us
a way out of here!
See?
We're only a few inches
away from Freedomville!
Am I great or what?
Keep moving‐‐ I can't take
this view any longer.
(crashing)
What?
You led us
to the roof!
I did think the air ducts were
sloping more up than down...
(man)
Stay where you are!
Don't move!
(Tokumatsu)
We'll have to
battle our way out!
Good thing I picked up those
rare cards to bribe them with!
You can't.
They aren't like the guards
in the cellblocks.
These guys are
elite Stomptroopers.
They're tough to the core
and can't be bribed!
You have two
options prisoner slime:
Surrender now...
or surrender later.
Thanks for
the warning...
But I prefer to go
with option three!
Taking down you
clowns!
(computer)
Generating Action Field.
Crossover.
There's a time and
place for everything,
but this isn't the time and
it sure isn't the place!
Battle Royal
mode engaged.
(all)
Let's duel!
Big mistake,
kid!
I summon Jutte Fighter,
front and center!
And it's bringing
along some backup...
Fire Flint Lady!
I tune Level 2 Jutte Fighter
with Level 1 Fire Flint Lady!
Fools!
There is no
escape!
Many have tried,
all have failed!
I Synchro Summon!
Level 3 Goyo Defender,
report for duty!
With Goyo Defender, I
can summon reinforcements
to deal you
justice.
These guys
mean business!
Now you know why no one has ever
escaped from The Facility.
We gave you a chance
to surrender...
Now you will suffer
for your disobedience!
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Sylvio)
You three may want
to rethink this.
My father's a powerful
man with connections...
he'll have your badges if
you aren't careful.
I don't think they
care about your dad.
Trust me, Yuya...
They will!
Taking center stage is the
knockout performer
Abyss Actor Sassy Rookie!
Hey!
Let's do this!
Sassy Rookie, vaporize one
of those Goyo Defenders!
Fool!
When you attack Goyo Defender,
it gains 1,000 attack points
for every other Goyo Defender
on the field.
Say what?
So big damage is
coming your way!
You're worse at dueling
than making escape plans.
Oh, yeah?
Well, Sassy Rookie can't be
destroyed once per turn!
So there!
Justice is served!
Sylvio, you okay?
Sure am...
I may be down but
there's no way I'm out!
You'll see I'll walk
away the winner.
You should walk away
now while you still can!
Forget walking,
we've got to run!
So let's get moving!
This is no time to
be lying down!
When my father is mayor
you are so going to pay,
but since he's not...
Bye!
Running will
do you no good!
We won't stop until our
mission is complete.
We will chase you down like
the rabid animals you are!
This is
getting ridiculous!
C'mon, shake
a leg, grandpa!
How about I shake
your head?
They don't know where
they're going... but I do.
They're ours!
Yikes!
We just ran
out of roof!
Then there's only
one thing left to do
'cause we aren't
going back...
You gotta jump!
Without a rope?
Anybody
got a parachute?
Parachutes are
for wimps!
(screaming)
Right behind you!
(computer)
Intrusion penalty,
2,000 life points.
I got just the thing to give
our landing a little bounce!
Hightail it,
Performapal Trampolynx!
I'm giving that leap and
landing a perfect ten.
More like a five
if you ask me.
And what score do I get
for losing those creeps?
A zero.
They're still
on out tail!
Exit, stage left!
Guess we're dueling
on the run!
Feet don't
fail me now!
You're not
going anywhere.
This is the end
of the line.
We have you boxed
in and outnumbered!
Resistance is futile.
Escape is not
an option.
You cannot
outrun justice!
I tune Jutte Fighter with
two Goyo Defenders!
This is the end of
the line, lawbreakers.
I Synchro Summon...
Goyo King!
It gains 400 attack points
for each Goyo monster
on the battlefield!
Goyo King,
search and destroy!
My trap'll checkmate
your King's move!
Performance Pirouette
spins Trampolynx
into defense mode!
So what?
Goyo King's special
ability activates!
After eliminating
one of your monsters,
it can seize control
of another!
Not cool!
Goyo King, use their own
monster to trip them up!
(screaming)
You jail breakers
will be back behind bars
where animals like
you belong.
If I had Sassy back,
I'd hammer those guys!
You couldn't
hammer a nail!
Listen up,
old‐timer!
This isn't like dueling
in the stone age!
Oh, really?
I'll teach you a thing
or two about combat
when we're out
of this mess!
(Gong)
Stop your
squabbling, gents!
Right now we've got
bigger fish t' fry!
(Yuya)
Gong!
Gong's taking charge
of this chase...
By putting
on the brakes!
(computer)
Intrusion penalty,
2,000 life points.
Come repel
these thugs...
Superheavy Samurai
Magnet!
Why stop at one
when two's better?
When Gong got one Superheavy
Samurai Magnet on the field,
Gong can bring out
another one!
When Superheavy
Samurai Magnet is on the field,
you're not allowed to attack
any other monster.
But, since I have two out,
you can't attack either
one of 'em,
meaning you
can't attack at all!
So you made yourself
invincible.
If you think your pathetic
shield is going to stop justice
from being served,
you are sadly mistaken!
Let's show this
fool why!
By tributing one of
my Goyo monsters,
Goyo King takes control
of one of your
Superheavy Samurai Magnets!
That was so much fun,
I think I'll do it again!
They stole both!
Gong's all tapped
out, then.
Sorry, Yuya, but someone
else'll have to take over.
That's me!
(Yuya)
Shay!
(computer)
Intrusion penalty,
2,000 life points.
Nice landing!
Let me show you
how winners win...
I'll start things off with
the spell Raidraptor Rig!
I transform all Level 4 monsters
on the field into Winged‐Beasts!
Sassy Rookie is
Level Four!
So now it's
a Winged Beast?
That goes for Gong's
Magnets too!
It's time to serve
you some justice...
I play Xyz Rescue!
This lets me Xyz Summon,
which is why
I turned those three
monsters into Winged‐Beasts!
I overlay Sassy Rookie and
those two Magnets!
When will you
glorified meter maids
learn that the righteous
will always prevail?
I am the law and
I have found you guilty!
I Xyz Summon!
Arise!
Raidraptor Rise Falcon!
It only has
100 attack points?
That bird is
a featherweight!
Typical prisoner
slime...
Too stupid to realize
how stupid they really are.
That's quite the statement
coming from you, tweedle dum.
How did you pass
traffic school?
I'm going to enjoy making
you eat those words,
you insolent peon.
Not a chance!
'Cause my featherweight's more
dangerous than you can imagine!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it gains the attack points
of every monster
on your field.
Raid Raptor,
finish...
them...
off!
Yuya, I have to admit you
have some powerful friends.
(Dennis)
Hey!
Just when I was gonna make
my grand cameo entrance,
...you had to go
and steal the show?
Dennis!
Wait, isn't Celina
supposed to be with you?
Don't worry,
big stuff!
I left Celina safe
and sound with Crow
in case you lot needed
some saving as well.
Now, let's
shake some legs!
Yuya, glad you could
join the party.
Was getting
worried there for a sec.
So was I.
It's just
about time.
Our welcoming committee
should be here soon.
It's them!
Let's move!
Once we reach the other side,
we're free and clear!
(Tokumatsu)
Come on!
(Shinji)
Stay out of my way!
Gong
don't float!
(Damon)
Swimming time!
(Dennis)
Jump in!
Hurry!
Hang on, Zuzu!
I'm on my way!
(man)
The jig is up.
We have you
surrounded.
(man)
The jig is up.
We have you
surrounded.
They knew all
about the plan!
I'm sorry!
(grumbles)
Tony!
My, my...
A little late for a dip,
don't you think?
Someone informed me there
would be a dueling tournament
in our facility,
but apparently, it's actually
a swim meet!
Guys, who's that?
Allow me to
introduce myself.
I am responsible for keeping
order in this fair city.
My name is
Jean Michel Roget
and I am the Director of
Sector Security.
I came here to personally end
your escape attempt... for good.
(groans)
We failed.
Now I'll never see
the kids again.
You can't give up.
That's not
how we roll.
That's right.
(Celina)
Let go,
you donut dunkers!
And you Director guy, what
you want with us anyway?
No need to worry.
As long as you cooperate
with us, you will be fine.
(helicopter approaching)
♪
The High Council wishes to
question your prisoners.
You must turn
them over to us.
(man)
We have been given explicit
orders to transport everyone
you captured to the Hall
of Dominion.
I refuse.
By their escape attempt,
these duelists have already
demonstrated they're a
threat to public safety.
We cannot release
them to you
until we've completed
an investi‐‐
We will decide if these duelists
are a threat to the city.
Send them to
us at once.
The council
wills it.
Isn't that so,
Presider?
Indeed, we are
all in agreement.
It is settled.
(Jean)
You must
rethink this.
This is a security
matter.
I can assure you these
duelists and their cohorts
are extremely
dangerous.
They're conspiring to spread
mayhem across the city!
Listen up,
Director!
My father is a
very powerful man
and if he finds out how you
treated his son, then you, sir,
are going to need to
update your resume!
You disobeyed Sector Security
and that is a serious violation
of city law.
You can hardly blame us
for defending ourselves!
Your troops were hounding
us since we arrived here
from our
dimension!
"From your dimension"?
Members of
the High Council,
you have heard the suspect
for yourselves!
Quite remarkably, he claims
to have traveled to our world
from another dimension.
But that's...
impossible!
Indeed it does
sound outrageous,
but it would explain certain
facts I have observed.
Namely, it would help clarify
why these young duelists
have mastered three summoning
methods unknown to our world.
Fusion...
Then, Xyz...
And third, Pendulum.
Naturally, I was concerned when
these strangers suddenly
showed up, and
began dueling recklessly
and threatening the peace
of our great City.
I had to find
out their plans.
That is precisely why I had my
security forces round them up.
I find all this
hard to believe.
Are you really from
another dimension?
Yes.
I know it sounds
out of his world.
Even I have a hard time
believing it sometimes...
But we're here
as friends!
We're not out to
hurt anyone, promise.
Please believe me!
He speaks the truth.
We're here for
peace not chaos.
He speaks the truth.
We're here for
peace not chaos.
Look, it's Declan!
And Riley!
Took him long
enough to show up.
Your world will very soon
be under attack
by warriors from
the Fusion Dimension.
We can help you
fight them.
We Lancers are
the best of the best.
What're Lancers?
(Sylvio)
Let's just say we know
how to kick duel disk!
And I'm the number‐one
warrior on the team,
so that makes me the best
of the best of the best!
You are?
Then we're in a
whole heap of trouble.
(Jean laughing)
What're you
laughing at?
Please excuse me.
Dimensions fighting
each other?
I could maybe buy dimension
travel, but dimensional wars?
Listen, pal!
I don't like
your 'tude.
If you don't want my help,
then I'm happy not to give it.
(Gale)
Silence, please!
Let us review the statements
presented by Declan Akaba.
There is an
interdimensional war.
Which now threatens
our world.
And you have
come to help us.
Yes, we understand
everything perfectly.
I'm sure my father could use
someone as level headed as you
and your pals on his staff
when he's mayor.
Hold on!
Do you mean to tell me you
actually believe their tale?
How do we know they
aren't lying?
Their veracity is
still up for debate.
Let us begin with the
question of whether or not
they traveled here from
a different dimension.
Their claim to be
interdimensional duel warriors
seems most
extraordinary...
Yet how else can
we explain
their incredible
summoning methods?
Even if they are
what they claim...
How can we be certain they
aren't the invaders
who are planning
to take over our world?
What?
You think
we're invaders?
We came here to
help your world!
Your real enemies
aren't here yet!
Even though you're doing
an excellent job
of making me want
to turn into one.
(Yuya)
When Obelisk Force arrives,
they'll destroy everything
in their path...
Unless you join
forces with us first!
My security team is
quite capable.
We don't need
your help.
As for the matter of your true
identities, our probe will‐‐
(Gale)
Enough, Director!
We will take over!
From this moment forward, all of
these people will be sequestered
under the direct supervision
of the High Council.
Under direct
supervision?
I've been locked
up for ten years
and I only get to taste
freedom for three seconds?
There will be
no exceptions.
(Boldo)
You claim to be friends
of this world.
Now you will have a
chance to prove that to us.
(Sylvio)
Uh...
Prove it how?
By entering the Friendship
Cup dueling tournament.
A dueling tournament?
If these people do not choose
to believe that we Lancers
have what it takes to
protect this dimension,
we're entering the tournament to
show them how skilled we are.
If it means a warm
shower, I'm in.
It's
settled then.
Really?
It was always my desire
to enter the Friendship Cup.
I'm just surprised you are
allowing me to compete.
(White)
We are especially eager for
you to participate,
Chojiro Tokumatsu.
After all, the Friendship Cup
exists because of you.
Because of me?
Your imprisonment ten years
ago was one of the main causes
of the revolt that tore
our city apart.
Ever since then,
Topsiders and Commons
have lived in continual
conflict.
As a direct result,
we formed the elite unit
known as Duel Chasers to
suppress the unrest.
Unfortunately, our attempt
to crack down on the dissenters
led to even greater
turmoil.
It is our sincere hope
that the Friendship Cup
will continue to heal the
divisions in our city
and bring both sides
together uniting us once again.
And look!
Jack Atlas is a symbol of that
because he came from Commons
and is now celebrated by
Topsiders and Commons alike.
Jack's a jerk...
He doesn't represent us
and I ain't gonna enter
and be a part of
your dog and pony show
to entertain
the Topsiders!
But Crow, this is the only
way for you to let Frankie
and the kids know
that you're safe and sound.
I'm in!
After ten long years,
my comeback finally begins!
Yeah, let's duel!
With my superhuman duel
skills and star‐like charisma,
I'll take the Synchro
Dimension by storm!
It's more important
to find Zuzu!
(Jean)
Zuzu?
You mean
Zuzu Boyle?
I knew that rabble‐rouser
was one of you!
Zuzu?
You have her?
Where is she?
Calm down...
Don't want you bursting
a blood vessel.
She's safe.
I mean, why would we ever
harm another competitor
in the Friendship Cup?
Zuzu's dueling in
the tournament, too?
That's seem to have
sparked your interest.
I'm sure your friend will
be delighted to learn
that you are
participating as well.
High Council, I agree
that inviting these duelists
to compete in the Friendship
Cup is a marvelous idea.
However, I would like
to add another proposal.
Which is?
Speak up!
As you know,
it's become tradition
for the Friendship Cup's
champion
to hold an exhibition duel just
prior to the opening ceremonies.
I humbly propose that
Yuya Sakaki be invited
to challenge Jack Atlas.
Why me?
A good question.
Based on my observations,
Yuya is the most talented
of this group
before you.
That will make him
an ideal competitor.
We'll see how his
Pendulum Summoning
matches up against
Jack Atlas.
Interesting.
No objections,
Presider?
I like the idea!
And you?
I have no objections,
of course.
♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers
come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win
the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and
make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know
I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn,
your tricks ♪
♪ Now what will
you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪